{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf760
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Black;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28140\viewh15160\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Joining DCT Academy was one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life. Practical project oriented training makes him the best person to learn RoR & more.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Muhammed Anees
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "A course tailored for anyone with or without prior knowledge in coding, An angelic trainer/mentor/friend whom we fondly call as our Aniruddha sir, An alumni of a bunch of good people who are around to help you through the coding journey. DCT Academy is nothing short of Amazing\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Aswin Sanakan
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "Just like there's an life changing moment in everyone's life, mine certainly has been the decision to join this course and learn from sir aniruddha. The knowledge i have gained over this past few months has been way more than what i have gained during my four year engineering course. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Dawa\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 "Ani, I didn't feel him as a tutor but as a friend. His passion about teaching is something that he is gifted with, teaching from the level where we stand is tricky, but he is master at it. His personal attention to doubts made me get a better understanding of Ruby on Rails.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Mahidhar\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 "I was working for a MNC and was looking for an opportunity to change my technology. I got to know about the ROR course conducted by aniruddha through UrbanPro. He adapts his teaching style for different audiences with ease. Every student will be working on a project of his/her choice which makes one understand things better..\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Preethika Priya
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 \'93He makes it a point to go down to smallest of the problems of his students, thinks from the students point of view and gives them a 100% satisfying answer, which in my opinion, is one of the most important attributes of an excellent trainer.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Ein\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \strokec2 "The way he teaches makes you love Coding. He teaches in a way that everyone can understand the concepts well. I can Surely say, my level of coding increased a lot in this course. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Mahesh Bablu
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 If you really are committed towards the course , you would be supported to the maximum extent . If you're planning for the course go for it blindly,and just be committed to the work and be honest that's it.Leave the rest to Aniruddha sir , he will be the best guide for your career. "\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Tanmay\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf4 \

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "I am an entrepreneur and wanted to have ownership of our product. I have a major in Civil Engineering, worked on oil rigs for a living and absolutely no exposure tech dev. I did not even know names of technologies that were being used let alone how to use them. When I contacted Aniruddha, I was assured that my background was not an issue if I was willing to work hard.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Arjun Nagarajan
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "I'm doing my graduation in Computer Science from NPU, CA, USA. I'm from Electrical majors in under graduation. I always used to have a feeling that 'programming is not my cup of tea', which totally changed after associating with him. He gave me confidence in myself. He helped me see, what I could be.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Sudheeshna Kodali
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "Aniruddha is an excellent teacher and the class was very lively and interactive. Coming from a non-CS background, I was able to understand the concepts of Ruby and Rails framework clearly. I got to learn Rails using a personal project of mine and I was able to grasp the concepts very quickly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Sachin Reddy
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2  Coming all the way from Thailand, I can say it was really worth my time and the knowledge I gained it's not only Ruby on Rails but also the process of making good web application. After taking Ruby on Rails course ,now I have gain lots of confident in making web applications\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Varun Dubey
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \strokec2 "I was working in HP as Network engineer and I wanted to be a web developer. I joined Ruby on Rails Training under Aniruddha sir, He has thought me from basic to high end of it. I have been placed in web development company in just 2 week after joining ruby on rails training. Thank you very much sir \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \strokec4 Girishprasad Ks
\f0\b0\fs26  \
\
}